---
layout: post
title: Days 11 and 12
date: 2020-11-29
categories: 100days
---
Days 11 and 12.  Started the exercises for day 11 - basically playing with pytest and some of the code I've already written. In doing so I looked at the solution code for the pybit.es exercises and discovered some interesting pythonic things that I could have done rather than my solutions. 

Examples such as the use of "yield" to create a generator of an iterable solution rather than my solution.  My version was:
    
    mylist = []
    for counter, state in enumerate(states,1):
       if counter%n == 0:
            mylist.append(state)
    return mylist
            
and the pythonic version using yield was:

    for i, state in enumerate(states, 1):
        if i % n == 0:
            yield state
          
The other example was to use a 'Truthy' test of whether a list contains values to return a default value instead of the list.

My version:

    try:
        return us_state_abbrev[state_name]
    except:
        return(NOT_FOUND)
        
The pythonic version:

    return us_state_abbrev.get(state_name) or NOT_FOUND
    
    
The next example really reduced the number of lines!  The function expects data as either a dict or list so I did a test and processed accordingly but the solution version was much shorter!

My version:

    def lenfunc(e):
        return len(e)

    def get_longest_state(data):
        """Receives data, which can be the us_state_abbrev dict or the states
           list (see above). It returns the longest state measured by the length
           of the string"""
        if type(data) == dict:
            mylist = []
            for m in data.keys():
                mylist.append(m)
            mylist.sort(reverse = True, key = lenfunc)
            return mylist[0]
        
        elif type(data) == list:
            data.sort(reverse = True, key = lenfunc)
            return data[0]
        
        else:
            return(NOT_FOUND)
        
The solution:

    def get_longest_state(data):
        """Receives data, which can be the us_state_abbrev dict or the states
           list (see above). It returns the longest state measured by the length
           of the string"""
       
        return max(data, key=len)
    
wow.....



            